okay before you freak out about this
video being in vertical there's a very
good reason for it the only reason why
this channel is allowed today is because
we used to make videos on snapchat
discover where people watch videos on
their phones like this you can actually
watch this in full screen on your phone
by clicking right here enjoy sorry mom
let me explain making friends in Japan
had been much harder than we thought it
would be but we had no idea that tonight
was going to be the night that changed
everything for us on this trip see we
don't go into places with a bucket list
of things we want to achieve we go into
places with an open mind a limitless
curiosity and a simple goal to meet as
many interesting people as we can and
two days ago we got so desperate that we
spent the full afternoon trying to make
friends on the streets we're trying to
make friends we've been here for two
days
however after thinking that we left on a
positive note we never heard back from
anybody
Tokyo so metropolitan and we don't speak
the language that we can't even tap into
like we've met interesting people and
but there's just like a limit to what
they can help us with we've seen enough
of it like every major thing on any list
of like the weirdest things to do in
Tokyo we have hit that so I think we had
no idea how to move forward from here
and it looked like all hopes were lost
but no one could have predicted what was
gonna happen tomorrow we were about to
go from desperate tourists to local
legends with a single yes cui was our
friend Clara and her Japanese friends
and we thought we were here just to
brainstorm ideas on things we could do
in Tokyo but things move faster than we
thought they would
[Music]
are you excited of what started as a
joke was not reality when we realized
that one of our new Japanese friends
owns a barber shop around the corner
have you cut I first wanted to get mom
I'm sorry
[Applause]
isn't that bad oh my god
[Music]
sorry mom and his newly deemed
unofficial summarize karaoke was calling
for us waking up we thought this might
well be the dumbest decision we've ever
made
but before we realized there was
actually the opposite of that we had to
show our parents she might like
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh makes people like Kb certain like
unconventional foreigners ladies and
gentlemen it looks like we might have
cracked the code to connecting with the
Japanese culture everybody we run into
love the haircuts and we suddenly became
the most popular foreigners in town
[Music]
you beauty high UT Thomas is literally
but these guys are trying to convince me
get this hat even though this will go
down as the most ridiculous thing we
have ever done it goes to show that
sometimes the most impulsive yes can be
the gateway to the richest experiences
in life see you on Tuesday
[Music]